Added documentation for managed identity support in repository-azure plugin (#7068)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore.md

You will most likely not need to specify any parameters except for `bucket` and `base_path`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/).

### Microsoft azure

1. To use a Microsoft Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, install the `repository-azure` plugin on all nodes:

   ```bash

>    sudo ./bin/opensearch-plugin install repository-azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ./bin/opensearch-plugin install repository-azure
```

Reviewer: No need for `sudo`

Author: fixed

   ```

1. (Optional) If you're using token credential instead of SAS token or an account key:

   1. Define your azure storage account name in secure setting:

      ```bash

>       sudo ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
  ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.key
```

Reviewer: I believe either `sas_key` or `key` has to be used

Author: yup, just adding one more dot point when configuring sas token to account key

You will most likely not need to specify any parameters except for `bucket` and `base_path`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/).

> ### Registering an Azure storage account using Helm 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Registering a Microsoft Azure storage account using Helm 
```

> ### Registering an Azure storage account for kubernetes deployment using Helm and Docker

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Registering an Azure storage account using Helm

   }
   ```

### Microsoft azure

1. To use a Microsoft Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, install the `repository-azure` plugin on all nodes:

   ```bash
   ./bin/opensearch-plugin install repository-azure
   ```

1. To use `repository-azure` plugin after installation, you need to define your azure storage settings before
   initialising the node:

>    1. Define your azure storage account name in secure setting:

Reviewer 4: Capitalization of Azure and Azure Managed Identities?

Author: fixed by @Naarcha-AWS

      ```bash
      ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
      ```

   1. Specify your azure storage account key or SAS token in secure setting. Choose one option, either the key or the
      token, but not both:

      ```bash
      ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.key
      ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.sas_token   
      ```

1. (Optional) If you're using token credential instead of SAS token or an account key:

   1. Define your azure storage account name in secure setting:

      ```bash
      ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
      ```

   1. Add your token credential type to `opensearch.yml`:

      ```yml

>       azure.client.default.token_credential_type: "managed" # Both "managed" or "managed_identity" are valid values, and the value is not case-sensitive.

Reviewer 4: Consider swapping to comment style.

Author: fixed by @Naarcha-AWS

      ```

Useful information when using token credential:

> - At the moment, azure managed identity is the only token credential support.

Reviewer 4: Consider something like: 

```suggestion
- Currently, token credential support is limited to azure managed identities.
```

Author: fixed by @Naarcha-AWS

   }
   ```

> ### General set up to use Microsoft Azure Blob Storage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Set up Microsoft Azure Blob Storage
```

> To utilize Microsoft Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, follow the steps below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To utilize Microsoft Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, use the following steps:
```

1. Install the `repository-azure` plugin on all nodes with the following command:

   ```bash
   ./bin/opensearch-plugin install repository-azure
   ```

> 1. Once the repository-azure plugin is installed, define your Azure Blob Storage settings before initializing the node. Start by defining your Azure Storage account name using the following secure setting:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. After the `repository-azure` plugin is installed, define your Azure Blob Storage settings before initializing the node. Start by defining your Azure Storage account name using the following secure setting:
```

   ```bash
   ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
   ```

> 1. choose one of the following options to set up your authentication credentials for Azure Blob Storage:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Choose one of the following options to set up your authentication credentials for Azure Blob Storage:
```

>    #### Using Azure storage account key

Reviewer 3: Let's fix the spacing here since this heading won't format under an ordered step.

```suggestion
#### Using Azure storage account key
```

>    Use the following setting to specify your Azure Storage account key:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following setting to specify your Azure Storage account key:
```

>    ```bash 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```bash 
```

>    ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.key

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.key
```

>    ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
```

>    #### Shared access signature (SAS)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Shared access signature
```

>    Use the following setting when accessing Azure with a shared access signature:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following setting when accessing Azure with a shared access signature (SAS):
```

>    ```bash

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```bash
```

>    ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.sas_token      

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.sas_token      
```

>    ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
```

>    #### Azure token credential 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Azure token credential 
```

>    Starting from OpenSearch 2.15.0, you have the option to configure a token credential authentication flow in `opensearch.yml`. This method is distinct from connection string authentication, which necessitates a SAS or an account key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 Starting from OpenSearch 2.15, you have the option to configure a token credential authentication flow in `opensearch.yml`. This method is distinct from connection string authentication, which necessitates a SAS or an account key.
```

>    If you opt for token credential authentication, you will need to choose a token credential type. Although Azure offers multiple token credential types, as of OpenSearch version 2.15.0, only managed identity is supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you choose to use token credential authentication, you will need to choose a token credential type. Although Azure offers multiple token credential types, as of OpenSearch version 2.15, only [managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) is supported.
```

>    To use managed identity, add your token credential type to `opensearch.yml` using either `managed` or `managed_identity` values. This indicates that managed identity is being used to perform token credential authentication:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use managed identity, add your token credential type to `opensearch.yml` using either `managed` or `managed_identity` values. This indicates that managed identity is being used to perform token credential authentication:
```

>    ```yml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```yml
```

>    azure.client.default.token_credential_type: "managed_identity"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
azure.client.default.token_credential_type: "managed_identity"
```

>    ``` 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``` 
```

Author: Thank you @Naarcha-AWS for fixing the syntax, and i have resolved the requested change as well. Cheers Chengwu

>    Remember the following information when using Azure token credentials:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Remember the following information when using Azure token credentials:

```

   }
   ```

> ### Set up Microsoft Azure Blob Storage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Set up Azure Blob Storage
```

> To utilize Microsoft Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, use the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, follow these steps:
```

1. Install the `repository-azure` plugin on all nodes with the following command:

   ```bash
   ./bin/opensearch-plugin install repository-azure
   ```

1. After the `repository-azure` plugin is installed, define your Azure Blob Storage settings before initializing the node. Start by defining your Azure Storage account name using the following secure setting:

   ```bash
   ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
   ```

> Choose one of the following options to set up your authentication credentials for Azure Blob Storage:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose one of the following options for setting up your Azure Blob Storage authentication credentials.
```

> #### Using Azure storage account key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Using an Azure Storage account key
```

   
Use the following setting to specify your Azure Storage account key:
   
```bash 
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.key
```

#### Shared access signature
   
Use the following setting when accessing Azure with a shared access signature (SAS):
         
```bash
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.sas_token      
```

#### Azure token credential 

> Starting from OpenSearch 2.15, you have the option to configure a token credential authentication flow in `opensearch.yml`. This method is distinct from connection string authentication, which necessitates a SAS or an account key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in OpenSearch 2.15, you have the option to configure a token credential authentication flow in `opensearch.yml`. This method is distinct from connection string authentication, which requires a SAS or an account key.
```

If you choose to use token credential authentication, you will need to choose a token credential type. Although Azure offers multiple token credential types, as of OpenSearch version 2.15, only [managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) is supported.

> To use managed identity, add your token credential type to `opensearch.yml` using either `managed` or `managed_identity` values. This indicates that managed identity is being used to perform token credential authentication:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use managed identity, add your token credential type to `opensearch.yml` using either the `managed` or `managed_identity` value. This indicates that managed identity is being used to perform token credential authentication:
```

```yml
azure.client.default.token_credential_type: "managed_identity"
``` 

> Remember the following information when using Azure token credentials:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note the following when using Azure token credentials:
```

- Token credential support is disabled in `opensearch.yml` by default.

> - Token credentials will take precedent over Azure Storage account key or SAS when multiple options are configured. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A token credential takes precedence over an Azure Storage account key or a SAS when multiple options are configured. 
```

   }
   ```

### Set up Microsoft Azure Blob Storage

To use Microsoft Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, install the `repository-azure` plugin on all nodes using the following command:

```bash
./bin/opensearch-plugin install repository-azure
```

To use `repository-azure` plugin after installation, define your Azure Blob Storage settings before initializing the node.

Define your Azure Storage account name using the following secure setting:

```bash
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
```

> Then, use one of the following options to set up your account keys for Azure Blod Storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, use one of the following options to set up your account keys for Azure Blob Storage.
```

#### Azure storage account key

Use the following setting to specify your Azure Storage account key:

```bash 
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.key
```

> #### Shared access signatures (SAS)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Shared access signatures tokens
```

> Use the following setting when accessing Azure with an SAS token

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following setting when accessing Azure with a shared access signature (SAS) token:
```

      
```bash
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.sas_token      
```

#### Azure credential token 

If you're using a non-SAS token credential or an account key, use the following steps:

1. Define your Azure storage account name in secure setting:

   ```bash
   ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
   ```

2. Add your token credential type to `opensearch.yml`, using either the `managed` or `managed_identity` values:

   ```yml
   azure.client.default.token_credential_type: "managed_identity" 

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

```

   }
   ```

> ### Set up Microsoft Azure Blob Storage

Reviewer 5: I think this needs to be reconciled with the "### Registering an Azure storage account" section that immediately proceeds this one. The previous section starts with "Use the following steps to register a snapshot repository backed by an Azure storage account for an OpenSearch cluster deployed using Helm." and this one starts with "To use Microsoft Azure Blob Storage as a snapshot repository, install the `repository-azure` plugin on all nodes...".

I don't actually have a super specific suggestion for how to re-work this, but I think it is potentially confusing and/or partially redundant as written. Parts of the difference are related to using Docker (above) whereas this one gives more generic commands not specific to Docker.

```bash
./bin/opensearch-plugin install repository-azure
```

To use `repository-azure` plugin after installation, define your Azure Blob Storage settings before initializing the node.

Define your Azure Storage account name using the following secure setting:

```bash
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
```

Then, use one of the following options to set up your account keys for Azure Blob Storage.

#### Azure storage account key

Use the following setting to specify your Azure Storage account key:

```bash 
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.key
```

#### Shared access signatures tokens

Use the following setting when accessing Azure with a shared access signature (SAS) token:
      
```bash
./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.sas_token      
```

#### Azure credential token 

If you're using a non-SAS token credential or an account key, use the following steps:

1. Define your Azure storage account name in secure setting:

   ```bash
   ./bin/opensearch-keystore add azure.client.default.account
   ```

> 2. Add your token credential type to `opensearch.yml`, using either the `managed` or `managed_identity` values:

Reviewer 3: What do these options do? Would only `managed_identity` be supported based on the limitation described below?

Author: @Naarcha-AWS, thank you for review and fixing it. I have added a small paragraph to explain managed identity supported in opensearch. I hope that would be clearer.
